ure city events and such

key locations;

Ure Colosseum
Trainer's School (House with sign)
Pokemon Trader House (big house)
TM Gifter (small house by trees)

NPCs on map; 5

npc dialogue:

Cooltrainer M- "Ure City's Trainer School is top notch at teaching rookies. I recommend you check it out too!"
Grandma - "This was once a quiet town. After they built the colosseum, we have young trainers here all the time."
kid - "I came to watch my brother in the tournaments. He's gonna be Champion someday!"
kid - "I'm a straight A student!"
deliquient "I'm enrolled at the Trainer School. But I'd rather cut class and rumble!"

sign text

1. "Trainer School"
2. "Ure City - Where hours of learning becomes years of knowledge
3. "Ure City Colosseum"

-------------------------
PokeCenter;

npcs 3
npc dialogue
gentleman - "Team Eternal has been in the headlines more and more lately. Dreadful times."
youngster - "My friend wants to trade, but I'm not sure if I want to. I love my Pokemon!"
little girl - "My daddy said I'm too young to have my own Pokemon. I wish I was older!"

newspaper - "The headline reads; Team Eternal Strikes Again! Priceless artifact stolen from Centurm Museum!" 

-------------------------
PokeMart;

npcs 2

pokefan f- "I use items like X Attack and Dire Hit to strengthen my Pokemon."
lass- "Always have status healing items on hand. Things like sleep and paralysis can cripple even the best Pokemon.

-------------------------
Trainer School;
npcs 6

blackbelt - "Tsuji's Pokemon League is similar to those seen in Johto and Hoenn. However, not only must you collect 8 badges, you must all place first in a number of tournaments. These are held in colosseums, like the one here in Ure City.
Teacher - "You can only challenge the Elite Four and Champion if you win at the Victory Tournament. This is held at Olympiad City in South Tsuji."
teacher = "Each tournament consists of 4 rounds; Prelims, quarterfinals, semifinals and the finals. You cannot leave once you enter but your party is healed between battles."
schoolboy - "It's important to consider the typing of your Pokemon and attacks when building your party. Knowing your strengths and weaknesses is the key to victory!"
lass - "Thanks to Prof. Maple's research, we have the Evo Set. This can be used to evolve Pokemon when trade is not an option!"
lass - "Pokemon evolve by leveling up, friendship or items. Trading and certain locations also can cause a Pokemon to evolve."
-------------------------
Trader House;

1st floor
npcs 2

man - "My son is a fan of ghost Pokemon but he's frightened easily in the dark."
lass- "I just got back from a journey in Sinnoh. Traveling with your Pokemon, camping out under the stars and making new friends... Oh, it's so magical!"

2nd floor
npcs 1

trader- "Hey, I'm looking for a Gastly. Want to trade one for my Shroomish?" "I'm taking good care of Gastly."

-------------------------
TM Gifter House;
npc 2

Man - "I like fast Pokemon. So fast that I see double! Take this and your opponents will too!" after gift tm "It's Double Team! Pokemon will have a hard time landing attacks if you use this."
Teacher - "The road to the Championship is a long one. Believe in your Pokemon and they will believe in you!"
-------------------------
Small House;
npcs 2

grandpa- "Ah, to be young again. enjoy this time, it's gone before you know it!"
youngster- "I hang out with my grandpa and tell him about my adventures!"



-------------------------
Colosseum;

npcs 5
Cooltrainer M- "Man, that trainer, Rival, is good. But I think he puts too much pressure on his Pokemon to win."
cooltrainer F- "I'm working on my line up for the next tournament. It's hard to cover weaknesses when you can only use three Pokemon and no items."
youngster- "I'm not here to battle. Just to cheer everyone on and watch some awesome fights!"
fisherman- "I've always wanted to challenge the Champion but I just can't win in any of the tournaments..." 
Cooltrainer M- "This is my year! This is my victory! I'm going all the way!"


Nel and Rival event

Nel- "Wow, you're so good! My Pokemon and I didn't stand a chance.
Rival- "Hmph, it might have been a challenge if you were taking this seriously.
Nel- "Haha, come on, Rival. As long as you have fun, thats all that matters."
Rival- "Winning and growing stronger is all that matters. Anything less is a waste."
Nel- "Lighten up, even your Pokemon are tense.
Nel- Hey, its Player!"
Nel - How's it going? See you got your first badge! So are you here for the tournament?
Rival- Nel and I just competed. I was the winner, though that was expected.
Nel- Well, I'm gonna go fishing off Route 102! Good luck, Player!
Rival- You lucked out that I already battled, otherwise you'd have no chance.
Rival- I'm headed to Monith Town for my next gym badge. Good luck.
